NuGrid Paper Template 19/04/2013
Aaron Dotter

This directory contains the new NuGrid paper Latex template.  It is
based on the layout created by Ed Brown for the MESA paper.  It is
provided so that NuGrid papers can be written by an author team, using
the same Latex style and thereby leading to an internally consistent
manuscript. New papers can re-use the .bib files and macros from
existing papers so that there is further consistency.

In the paper directory there is a paper_resources directory which
contains a macros and a bib diredctory. These contain latex macro
files and nugrid.bib files and should be used for each
paper. Additions should be made to these shared macro and bib files.

How to proceed: 

1. In the nugrid svn paper directory, svn copy the template to a new
   name, e.g., paperX svn cp paper_template paperX

2. go into paperX and start working on the new paper. There is a LaTeX
   file called paper.tex that serves as the template. All sections are
   specified therein.  There is a section for authors. There are
   separate LaTeX files for introduction, example sections,
   conclusions, acknowledgments, and appendices.
   
3. Figures: PDF and PNG are preferred. These should be stored in the 
   figures sub-directory. See figs/figure_template for an example.

4. Bibliography: There is a bibs sub-directory to be processed with
   bibtex.  All references should go into one of the .bib files.
   ADS gives access to the bibtex record for every article.

5. Symbols, units, etc.: are standardized in the macros directory.
   Rather than adding new commands to individual LaTeX files, please
   put all definitions in macros/. Note that for many things there are
   already macros. In particular note the way we write isotopes (see
   nuclides.tex). The point of the NuGrid Latex framework is to
   homogenize the Latex document appearance, and using only one macro
   for each task is the most important way in which to accomplish
   this.

6. Notes: for material not destined for the text of the paper, put it
   in the notes sub-dir.

7. There is a Makefile and/or basic compile scripts (mk and clean) 
   to construct the paper from sources and to clean up the auxiliary 
   files.
